Add docs to classifiers and exclude dependency (#1892)
VirtusLab/scala-cli: website/docs/guides/dependencies.md

org.postgresql:postgresql:42.2.8
```

### Excluding Transitive Dependencies

> To exclude a transitive dependency of dependency in a Scala CLI project, use the `exclude` parameter when specifying
> the dependency:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To exclude a transitive dependency from a Scala CLI project use the `exclude` parameter:
```

> - `exclude=org%%name` - for Scala modules

Reviewer: maybe just note on what the double `%` stands for here smh... especially since it'd be triple `%` for some cases. So maybe just mention that double `%` is the way for 95% of Scala dependency cases...

Author: It seem, that coursier doesn't triple `%` for some cases, it throws the following error when I trying to pass triple `%`:
```
➜ scala-demo scala-cli compile Hello.scala --print-class-path --dep "com.lihaoyi::pprint:0.8.1,exclude=com.lihaoyi%%%sourcecode" -v -v   
Exception in thread "main" java.lang.RuntimeException: Error parsing dependency 'com.lihaoyi::pprint:0.8.1,exclude=com.lihaoyi%%%sourcecode': Unrecognized excluded module: 'com.lihaoyi%%%sourcecode' (expected: org%name or org%%name)
	at scala.sys.package$.error(package.scala:27)
	at scala.cli.commands.shared.SharedOptions$.parseDependencies$$anonfun$3(SharedOptions.scala:651)
	at scala.collection.immutable.List.flatMap(List.scala:293)
	at scala.cli.commands.shared.SharedOptions$.parseDependencies(SharedOptions.scala:653)
	at scala.cli.commands.shared.SharedOptions.buildOptions$$anonfun$1(SharedOptions.scala:330)
	at scala.build.EitherCps$Helper.apply(EitherCps.scala:19)
	at scala.cli.commands.shared.SharedOptions.buildOptions(SharedOptions.scala:350)
	at scala.cli.commands.ScalaCommand.buildOptions$$anonfun$1(ScalaCommand.scala:246)
	at scala.Option.map(Option.scala:242)
	at scala.cli.commands.ScalaCommand.buildOptions(ScalaCommand.scala:246)
	at scala.cli.commands.ScalaCommand.run(ScalaCommand.scala:269)
	at scala.cli.commands.ScalaCommand.run(ScalaCommand.scala:266)
	at caseapp.core.app.CaseApp.main(CaseApp.scala:150)
	at caseapp.core.app.CommandsEntryPoint.main(CommandsEntryPoint.scala:120)
	at scala.cli.ScalaCliCommands.main(ScalaCliCommands.scala:125)
	at scala.cli.ScalaCli$.main0(ScalaCli.scala:198)
	at scala.cli.ScalaCli$.main(ScalaCli.scala:102)
	at scala.cli.ScalaCli.main(ScalaCli.scala)
```

Reviewer: still, `exclude=org%name_2.13` would be supported for a Scala `2.13.x` dependency, right?

Reviewer: weird inconsistency for triple `%` not being supported btw...

- `exclude=org%name` - for Java modules

> It requires passing the organization and module name of dependency to exclude. For example, let's say you have the following Scala code:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It requires passing the organization and module name of the dependency to be excluded. For example, let's say you have the following Scala code:
```

```scala title=Main.scala
//> using dep "com.lihaoyi::pprint:0.8.1"
object Main extends App {
  println("Hello")
}
```

> For example, if you want to compile it with the `pprint` library but exclude its `sourcecode` dependency. You can use
> the exclude parameter is as follows:

Reviewer: you used the `For example (...)`phrase in the preceding sentence, so it feels off to find it here again.
```suggestion
If you want to compile it with the `pprint` library but exclude its `sourcecode` dependency, you can use
the `exclude` parameter as follows:
```

```scala title=Main.scala
//> using dep "com.lihaoyi::pprint:0.8.1,exclude=com.lihaoyi%%sourcecode"
object Main extends App {
  println("Hello")
}
```

> ### Dependency classifier

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Dependency classifiers
```

> To specify a classifier of a dependency in a Scala CLI project, use the `classifier` parameter when specifying
> the dependency:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To specify a classifier of a dependency in a Scala CLI project, use the `classifier` parameter:
```

Reviewer: It'd be good to refer to the `coursier` API doc here, to indicate that all `coursier` classifiers are supported, theoretically.
The doc doesn't list it, but we should at the very least make it clear that it's `coursier` classifiers we're using. A power user will then be able to find the relevant `coursier` API he or she needs.
https://get-coursier.io/docs/api#classifiers

org.postgresql:postgresql:42.2.8
```

### Excluding Transitive Dependencies

To exclude a transitive dependency from a Scala CLI project use the `exclude` parameter:

- `exclude=org%%name` - for Scala modules
- `exclude=org%name` - for Java modules

It requires passing the organization and module name of the dependency to be excluded. For example, let's say you have
the following Scala code:

```scala title=Main.scala
//> using dep "com.lihaoyi::pprint:0.8.1"
object Main extends App {
  println("Hello")
}
```

If you want to compile it with the `pprint` library but exclude its `sourcecode` dependency, you can use
the `exclude` parameter as follows:

```scala title=Main.scala
//> using dep "com.lihaoyi::pprint:0.8.1,exclude=com.lihaoyi%%sourcecode"
object Main extends App {
  println("Hello")
}
```

### Dependency classifiers

To specify a classifier of a dependency in a Scala CLI project, use the `classifier` parameter:

- `classifier={classifier_name}`

> If you want to use `pytorch` dependency with classifier `linux-x86_64`, use the `classifier` parameter as follows:

Reviewer: NIT
```suggestion
If you want to use the `pytorch` dependency with the classifier `linux-x86_64`, use the `classifier` parameter as follows:
```
